The third step is to create the non-secure server blocks, to serve the site on our server as before,
we will use the Engine X default file as a template for the new site.
We need to make a copy of the default file, naming it our domain name.
We need to change to your Etsy.
Ingenix sites available directory sudo c.p.
We want to copy, we want to copy the file default and name the new file domain name with any to open
the newly created file using.
And you are only allowed one default server so you need to remove default server from the lists and
directives.
The route or sites route is slash, bar, slash w w w the domain name slash public underscore html the
index directive.
We are configuring a WordPress site so the only entry we need is index dot p.
The server name is your domain name and w w w dot your domain name.
The two location directives under the server name.
You can leave as is for now we can exit saving URL changes to the file.
Now we need to enable our site.
We do that by creating a symbolic link from the sites available to sites enabled sudo Elin Finniss the
path to the file ETEK Ingenix sites available the folder, then the path to the sites enabled Etsy.
Ingenix sites enabled Meka Web dev dot com.
I'm going to go back one level and change to the site's enabled directory.
There is the link mac web dev NJT test URL configuration.
Everything is OK to enable in G or.